feat: add migration skill for Fluent Web Components to v3.x (#36366)
microsoft/fluentui: .agents/skills/migrate-fluent-wc-3/SKILL.md

argument-hint: '[package-or-path]'
allowed-tools: Bash Read Edit Grep Glob
---

# Migrate Fluent Web Components–based components to Fluent v3

Move a component that **builds on Fluent Web Components** — extending its base
classes, or reusing its options and templates from `@fluentui/web-components` — up
to **Fluent Web Components 3.x**. Fluent v3 runs on **FAST Element 3.x**, so the
Fluent upgrade _requires_ migrating the FAST Element runtime from 2.x in the same
move. This skill covers both halves of that single step.

It applies to any package layered on Fluent Web Components — the Fluent packages
themselves, and design systems that wrap them (for example, ones that re-export
Fluent base classes under their own tag prefix). Reach for it when code predates
the v3 upgrade: a feature branch cut earlier, or a component copied from an older
template.

## Authoritative references

- **FAST 3.x migration guide** — the breaking-change list this skill distills.
  Package guide: <https://github.com/microsoft/fast/blob/main/packages/fast-element/docs/migration/fast-element-3.md>.
  In a FAST checkout it lives at `packages/fast-element/docs/migration/fast-element-3.md`,

>   with a narrative version at `sites/website/src/docs/3.x/migration-guide.md`.

Reviewer: Should this be 
```suggestion
  with a narrative version at the [FAST documentation site](https://fast.design/docs/3.x/migration-guide/core/).
```

There is a PR out that changes migration-guide to migration, and adds subpaths see https://github.com/microsoft/fast/pull/7628
